hello everyone so even if
today to share with you what
what will be my new storage for
scrap papers
in fact I have no script room I
Just because I have quite a
desk a few shelves in a closet
and plastic drawer towers in
my children's playroom
so I squat a bit so I have to
optimize to the maximum the place do not have
right now but my papers are
stowed in two drawers from my shelves
plastic but good every time
I come paper is not practical must
everything I go out to find the right one
angle and a super a time a time
crazy so I decided to put away my
papers in crates with
infill
so there will be one for the papers
united and for printed papers the
collections so I asked my
little brother to make me me so
two crates he did that like a chef
are really super rebel
they are super well finished thank you very much
nico so I added to the bottom I
put Teflon small glides
that she can easily slip on
my work plan because when
they will be full of my life I
would be happy to be able to
close it's easy so its crates
in interior dimensions they make 33
side cm by 36 cm deep so
at the base I had thought of doing
and the cardboard dividers that
I would have discovered with papers
scrap and I thought to put away my papers
by color and by conviction in this
kind of two that that of
freezing the wind that enchants me is
not so much because the bigger ones
that I found these advertising skills
seized plock the big ones they are blue
so that's really very, very
happy
and by chance I discovered in a
magazine
she lives great in a magazine
everyone needs to know who's mind
scrapbooking is the one of the month
from october november 2014
at the end of last year in this magazine
there is a heading storage tips
I'm going to find it again
so there was an article on the
Basque Rap Prom is good to see I know
not if I love them well
marie-france gransart is here she has
great storage tips and between
between so it's past she's bothering in
Landes protection pouch for
33 rpm vinyl records
it is pile hair the size of the papers
and I found this tip moment
awesome
so I looked on the internet sites
who sell this kind of article is
so
I chose the site called
disc planet
so I placed the chosen order is
full of reference points so to
plenty of things so there are the
protections for the ten that the
paper pouches for discs ago
tabs of boxes of
storage really needed everything for the
collectors and so I have
ordered it is protective pouch
so here this one is different
thickness
this one is 150 microns and they
are really great and weis and pile hair
at the right size
I'll show you that fucks on it
this is a vision of europe
so here and find some more
others you can put a
entire collection I think without
problem his sales and then I'll have
more than abroad in crates
So that's it already I was great
content and in addition by digging into the
site
I found expectations and look all
made
so these are buyer taxes in
plastic that are great and peace are
well for mm thick and so at his
son paul the right size
so I have them are six tons at the
good size
but finally I have my wallet my business
I can mark in my collection and that
come back impeccable i am super bowl
so that's for those interested
a sleeve the record sleeves
vinyls are sold by quantity
of
without it if it's 150 microns the
reference is 1000 and I paid them
16 euros 99 the senses for the
interleaved they are sold by
ten it exists in different colors
there was white black gray red it me
seems then maybe others I know
more and I'll get paid eleven euros 99
and this one the reference and neil 21 years
after the frequent ones and are a little bit
raise his nine-month turn I believe
but here is the delivery is fast
it's super well packaged it was in this
cardboard more in another carton the only
little flat that there is not really
but it's not the break what delivers
it's a carrier and it gives the collar
is only against signature
so have to be at home for for
to have his package what but apart from that
and really has super super
article for us but scrapers on
on this site here it is so I'll put away
my papers
when my next video suffers and
a little aside to show you what
that once gives everything tidy
here I really wanted to share that
with you it may interest others
other scrapers day it's great
convenient
that's good but I tell you to very
soon for a next video lease